Shen Jia will be ruined by you sooner or later
Grandpa will come to see you another day
I'm sorry King Qin couldn't prove what happened 5 years ago
After grandpa breathes
I must give you an explanation
Well, can you come over tomorrow?
We work together.
Let the family agree with us, okay?
Thanks, I will definitely go.
Oh, Miss, confirm that Lan Kuan left and ask the angel.
No matter how scary Lan Kuan was, he left to ask the angel
The god crow is not a clown
Why didn't the eldest lady let the killer kill the god crow?
Hahaha
If the little crow dies
Yang Kun will not leave
Still the eldest lady is wise
Did my uncle and aunt embarrass you yesterday?
It's okay until the truth is revealed
Let's keep our distance